hello youtubers the next thing I'd like
to demonstrate and show is my jukebox
made out of a fifty dollar cabinet
this project was quite a fair bit more
difficult but this project let me warn
you when building things like this you
get a lot of arguments with the kids
let's see them properly but here's the
control panel none of its turned on at
the moment we'll just turn it on there
we have it
jukebox turning on it is a dedicated
jukebox but it also it is also a full
arcade machine this one was a little bit
more difficult to build okay here we are
we'll do some song selection as you can
see okay we'll select scooters massager
whatever it's cold
we'll just go to the panel see one the
song is there here she is in her glory
we got here
Hansol the song
like so select more songs
Run DMC here we go again
there is a Leone up the top and
basically that's the dedicated jukebox